Kunming City is your ghost
I warned you not to toast or eat fines
Attempting to popularize through Weilu International
You really think I don't know anything?
And this is just the beginning.
Next, I will comprehensively rectify the Shangguan
I can guarantee it.
You can't get it anymore.
Collaboration on any channel
The Shangguan family will wait to die
Weili International knocks on overseas channel partners
The governor's house is in the next city
Ok davis
Sir, you can't go in there
Who broke into the CEO's office?
Ye Feng you
Mr. Davis
Sorry this is my husband
What husband?
This is the contract you signed with the Guan family